Kobayashi 600,000 a month
I dare not dream of doing this
Are people forced out?
It's all my fault if things get done
If the funds are returned
It won't be as easy as it is now
You're not in the neck position.
It's very heavy, how can you erupt talent?
So what are you going to do now?
The plan remains unchanged
Urgent need for tea picking
Put the weight away
I give every account to God
That can only be done first
Tea in front
This is our local camellia
The whole country is only available to our generation
And I've made a fortune off of it over the years.
The aftertaste is indeed very unique
Return to strong
Even if I enjoy the official's famous tea
I also think this is a genuine product that cannot be done.
But now someone wants to take my profits.
Take my hair
Breaking the talent path is like murdering parents
This is an irreconcilable hatred
That guy deserved to die.
That's why I asked my seniors to testify
who
Go over there
For the noble